Referring to the criteria on persistent deficits in social communication and social interaction. Select the correct alternative:
A) All alternatives are correct.
B) Deficits in socio-emotional reciprocity.
C) Deficits in non-verbal communicative behaviors used for social interaction.
D) Deficits in developing, maintaining and understanding relationships
ANSWER: A
Select the alternative that corresponds to the restricted and repetitive patterns of behavior, interests or activities of people with ASD:
A) Motor movements, use of objects or stereotypical or repetitive speech.
B) Does not have ritualized patterns or routines
C) Little focus on items that interest you.
D) None of the alternatives.
ANSWER: A
Regarding verbal communication in ASD, select the correct alternative:
A) Delays in speech acquisition.
B) Short repertoire on topics of interest (hyper focus)
C) Skills in starting and maintaining a dialogue.
D) Presents speech acquisition before the expected period.
ANSWER: A
Regarding non-verbal communication in ASD, select the incorrect alternative:
A) Difficulty understanding facial expressions, but is able to reproduce them easily.
B) Impairment in understanding and using gestures and expressions with communicative functions.
C) Not responding when called.
D) Low eye contact.
ANSWER: A
Relating emotional reciprocity, we can state that:
A) Difficulty initiating, understanding or responding to social interactions.
B) Difficulty playing alone.
C) Ease of making new friends.
D) A lot of interest in peers.
ANSWER: A
The use of objects or repetitive speech, the presence of motor stereotypies, occurs in which situation:
A) Stressful situations or disruption of routine.
B) Ruled routine situations.
C) When you stay in the same environment for a long time in which you feel safe.
D) None of the above.
ANSWER: A
In what year does the UN establish World Autism Awareness Day on April 2nd:
A) 2007
B) 2005
C) 2008
D) 2010
ANSWER: A
In what year was the national policy to protect the rights of people with autism spectrum disorder established:
A) 2012- Berenice Piana Law (12,764/12)
B) 2014- Berenice Piana Law (12,764/14)
C) 2007- Berenice Piana Law (12,764/07)
D) 2011- Berenice Piana Law (12,764/11)
ANSWER: A
What is the best measure after receiving a diagnosis of ASD in a child:
A) Search for a multidisciplinary team for therapies and increased stimulation at home and school.
B) Encourage the use of screens and social seclusion.
C) Reinforce oppositional behaviors.
D) Wait until the child is older to initiate late intervention.
ANSWER: A
What is Theory of Mind?
A) Ability to consider one's own mental states and those of other people, with the purpose of understanding and predicting other people's behaviors.
B) Ability to consider one's own mental states and those of other people, with the aim of not understanding or predicting the behavior of others.
C) Ability to consider one's own physical states and those of other people, with the purpose of understanding and predicting other people's behaviors.
D) None of the alternatives.
ANSWER: A
For diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorder, we need to take into account the:
A) DSM 5 criteria.
B) DSM criteria.
C) DSM 3 criteria.
D) DSM 4 criteria.
ANSWER: A
According to the Diagnostic Manual – DSM V - No Criteria A – Persistent deficits in social communication and social interaction in multiple contexts. Select the Correct alternative:
A) All alternatives are correct.
B) Deficits in socio-emotional reciprocity: ranging from abnormal social approach and difficulty establishing normal conversation and reduced sharing of interests, emotions or affection, to difficulty initiating or responding to social interactions.
C) Deficits in non-verbal communicative behaviors used for social interaction, ranging from poorly integrated verbal and non-verbal communication to abnormalities in eye contact and body language or deficits in understanding or using gestures, the total absence of facial expressions and non-verbal communication.
D) Deficits in developing, maintaining and understanding relationships, ranging from difficulty adjusting behavior to fit different social contexts, to difficulty sharing imaginative play or making friends, to a lack of interest in peers.
ANSWER: A
What is speech?
A) Speech is the production of vocal sounds, which involves motor skills (articulation of oral and facial muscles) and linguistic skills.
B) Speech is the production of non-vocal sounds, which involves motor skills (articulation of oral and facial muscles) and linguistic skills.
C) Speech is the production of vocal sounds, and does not involve motor skills (articulation of oral and facial muscles) or linguistic skills.
D) None of the alternatives are correct.
ANSWER: A
